Marie invented a [ Time Machine ](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Time_machine)
and wants to test it by time-traveling to visit Russia on the [ Day of the
Programmer ](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Day_of_the_Programmer) (the  day of
the year) during a year in the inclusive range from  to  .

From  to  , Russia's official calendar was the [ Julian calendar
](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Julian_calendar) ; since  they used the [
Gregorian calendar ](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gregorian_calendar) system.
The transition from the Julian to Gregorian calendar system occurred in  ,
when the next day after January  was February  . This means that in  ,
February  was the  day of the year in Russia.

In both calendar systems, February is the only month with a variable amount of
days; it has  days during a _ leap year _ , and  days during all other years.
In the Julian calendar, leap years are divisible by  ; in the Gregorian
calendar, leap years are either of the following:

  * Divisible by  . 
  * Divisible by  and _ not _ divisible by  . 

Given a year,  , find the date of the  day of that year _ according to the
official Russian calendar during that year _ . Then print it in the format `
dd.mm.yyyy ` , where ` dd ` is the two-digit day, ` mm ` is the two-digit
month, and ` yyyy ` is  .

** Input Format **

A single integer denoting year  .

** Constraints **

  * 

** Output Format **

Print the full date of _ Day of the Programmer _ during year  in the format `
dd.mm.yyyy ` , where ` dd ` is the two-digit day, ` mm ` is the two-digit
month, and ` yyyy ` is  .

** Sample Input 0 **
    
    
    2017
    

** Sample Output 0 **
    
    
    13.09.2017
    

** Explanation 0 **

In the year  , January has  days, February has  days, March has  days, April
has  days, May has  days, June has  days, July has  days, and August has
days. When we sum the total number of days in the first eight months, we get
. Day of the Programmer is the  day, so then calculate  to determine that it
falls on day  of the  month (September). We then print the full date in the
specified format, which is ` 13.09.2017 ` .

** Sample Input 1 **
    
    
    2016
    

** Sample Output 1 **
    
    
    12.09.2016
    

** Explanation 1 **

Year  is a leap year, so February has  days but all the other months have the
same number of days as in  . When we sum the total number of days in the first
eight months, we get  . Day of the Programmer is the  day, so then calculate
to determine that it falls on day  of the  month (September). We then print
the full date in the specified format, which is ` 12.09.2016 ` .

